[Docs] Add EN get_started (#591)
open-mmlab/mmyolo: docs/en/get_started/15_minutes_object_detection.md

# 15 minutes to get started with MMYOLO object detection

Object detection task refers to that given a picture, the network predicts all the categories of objects included in the picture and the corresponding boundary boxes

<div align=center>
<img src="https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/17425982/220232979-fffa480b-9ae6-4601-8af6-4116265dc650.png" alt="object detection" width="100%"/>
</div>

Take the small dataset of cat as an example, you can easily learn MMYOLO object detection in 15 minutes. The whole process consists of the following steps:

- [Installation](#installation)
- [Dataset](#dataset)
- [Config](#config)
- [Training](#training)
- [Testing](#testing)

> - [EasyDeploy](#easydeploy)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- [EasyDeploy](#easydeploy-deployment)
```

```

For details about how to configure the environment, see [Installation and verification](./installation.md)

## Dataset

The Cat dataset is a single-category dataset consisting of 144 pictures (the original pictures are provided by @RangeKing, and cleaned by @PeterH0323), which contains the annotation information required for training. The sample image is shown below:

<div align=center>
<img src="https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/25873202/205423220-c4b8f2fd-22ba-4937-8e47-1b3f6a8facd8.png" alt="cat dataset"/>
</div>

You can download and use it directly by the following command:

```shell
python tools/misc/download_dataset.py --dataset-name cat --save-dir ./data/cat --unzip --delete
```

This dataset is automatically downloaded to the `./data/cat` dir with the following directory structure:

<div align=center>
<img src="https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/17425982/220072078-48b88a08-6179-483e-b8d3-0549e1b465de.png" alt="image"/>
</div>

The cat dataset is located in the mmyolo project dir, and `data/cat/annotations` stores annotations in COCO format, and `data/cat/images` stores all images

## Config

> Taking YOLOv5 algorithm as an example, considering the limited GPU memory of users, we need to modify some default training parameters to make them run smoothly. The core parameters to be modified are as follows:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Taking YOLOv5 algorithm as an example, considering the limited GPU memory of users, we need to modify some default training parameters to make them run smoothly. The key parameters to be modified are as follows:
```

> - YOLOv5 is an Anchor-Based algorithm, and different datasets need to adaptively calculate suitable anchors

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- YOLOv5 is an Anchor-Based algorithm, and different datasets need to calculate suitable anchors adaptively
```

> - The default config is 8 cards, each card batch size is 16, now change it to a single card, each card batch size is 12

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- The default config uses 8 GPUs with a batch size of 16 per GPU. Now change it to a single GPU with a batch size of 12.
```

- The default training epoch is 300. Change it to 40 epoch

> - Due to the dataset is too small, we choose fixed backbone weight

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Given the small size of the dataset, we opted to use fixed backbone weights
```

> - In principle, after batch size is changed, the learning rate also needs to be linearly scaled, but the actual measurement found that it is not necessary

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- In principle, the learning rate should be linearly scaled accordingly when the batch size is changed, but actual measurements have found that this is not necessary
```

Create a `yolov5_s-v61_fast_1xb12-40e_cat.py` config file in the `configs/yolov5` folder (we have provided this config for you to use directly) and copy the following into the config file.

```python
# Inherit and overwrite part of the config based on this config
_base_ = 'yolov5_s-v61_syncbn_fast_8xb16-300e_coco.py'

data_root = './data/cat/' # dataset root
class_name = ('cat', ) # dataset category name
num_classes = len(class_name) # dataset category number
# metainfo is a configuration that must be passed to the dataloader, otherwise it is invalid
# palette is a display color for category at visualization
# The palette length must be greater than or equal to the length of the classes
metainfo = dict(classes=class_name, palette=[(20, 220, 60)])

# Adaptive anchor based on tools/analysis_tools/optimize_anchors.py
anchors = [
    [(68, 69), (154, 91), (143, 162)],  # P3/8
    [(242, 160), (189, 287), (391, 207)],  # P4/16
    [(353, 337), (539, 341), (443, 432)]  # P5/32
]

> # Mix training 40 epoch

Reviewer: ```suggestion
# Max training 40 epoch
```

max_epochs = 40

> # bs 为 12

Reviewer: ```suggestion
# bs = 12
```
